[skip tests] Documentation: Autobuild Docker Images - Overview Picture (#308)
tmforum-oda/oda-canvas: docs/developer/work-with-dockerimages.md

The project oda-canvas is configured to automatically build docker images, when their source code is changed.
To successfully collaborate in the same repository some rules have to be followed.

## TL;DR;

Example PR:
https://github.com/tmforum-oda/oda-canvas/pull/305/files

![steps for building docker images in a feature branch](images/autobuild-dockerimages-steps.png)

Step | Description |
--- | ---
branch | create a branch, naming has to follow "feature/..." or "odaa-..." otherwise the automated docker builds are not active
1 | Increment the version number of the dockerfile which will be updated and and set the prereleaseSuffix, e.g to the issue number
2 | change the source code. This triggers the docker build of the prerelease version
3 | adjust the tests to cover the changed code (steps 2 and 3 might iterate multiple times)
4 | prepare everything for the Pull-Request. Set chart-version numbers, document changes, also update the version number in the dependent charts
PR | create Pull-Request -> BDD Tests are executed and should be successfull 

> 5 | before merging, remove all prereleaseSuffixes. This will make the  "no-prerelease-suffixes"-check in the PR green. Start the commit message with "\[skip tests\] ..." this will skip running the BDD tests (which would fail, because of the missing release images)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5 | before merging, remove all prereleaseSuffixes. This will make the  "no-prerelease-suffixes"-check in the PR green. Start the pull request title with "\[skip tests\] ..." this will skip running the BDD tests (which would fail, because of the missing release images)
```
If the modification is right you should also change it in line 453 and 493
